Hello everyone and welcome to lecture on tuples.
Tuples are going to allow us to hold an ordered sequence of values of multiple data types in the next
section of the course.
We're going to be covering a lot more as far as collection type objects.
But for now I just wanted to know about tuples.
So let's go ahead and jump to the spark shell to get started.
OK so here I am at the sparks shell in order to create a tuple it's actually quite simple.
You just use parentheses and then objects that you want to place separated by commas.
So for example here I've created the tuple that contains an integer a double and then a string.
Now we can see here that Skala will actually tell you what type is.
Each index point.
So I can actually create a value called my underscore TUPE is equal to and then it's go in and say one
to put in a string.
Hello again.
Let's go ahead and put in a double.
Say twenty three point two and we can actually even put in a boolean value.
This is true.
And again scale is going to report back the actual tuple in the actual data types.
Each index you should also note that tuples can be nested.
So for example I can say three comma one and then a comma in put another tuple such as.
To come a theory close and make sure the parentheses match up.
And here we can see a nested tuple inside of another.
That's where accessing elements within a tuple.
The notation is a little tricky because indexing starts at 1.
But basically what you end up doing is a dot underscore in notation.
Let me going to show you what I mean by that.
You can go ahead and same my TUPE from last time.
And let's try to actually grab for instance.
Hello.
So you say my underscore to dot underscore and then the actual index of the value want.
In this case remember it starts at 1.
So will go ahead and input three nor It's a return.
Hello.
So for instance if you wanted to grab the boolean value true that occurs at 1 2 3 4 5.
So I'll say my underscore thoughts underscore and put in 5 there.
So this notation is a little strange which is why in the next section we're going to cover other collection
type objects that are a little more intuitive to work with.
OK.
So that's really all you need to know as far as the basics of tuples.
Just remember that there are an ordered sequence of values that can hold multiple data types.
Thanks everyone and I'll see at the next lecture.